# WebScraping
Project that will web scrap using BS4 


Beautiful Soup

Python is known for its libraries. It has around 250 libraries. Every library has its own functions and will allow the user to do many important tasks. To this assignment I have chosen to use the beautifulsoup4. Beautiful soup is a library that makes it easy to scrape information from web pages.
To describe the interesting ways in which it might be used it’s important to look at some examples. Say you’ve found some webpages that display data relevant to your research, such as date or address information, but that do not provide any way of downloading the data directly. Beautiful Soup helps you pull particular content from a webpage, remove the HTML markup, and save the information. It is a tool for web scraping that helps you clean up and parse the documents you have pulled down from the web. Furthermore, it’s very useful to check prices of items in certain web sites. For this project I have chosen the beautiful soup library to check at some pc desktop information from (www.newegg.com). Which will show every time the program is run the name of the product and its description, also the price and the cost of shipping. 
To achieve its purpose beautiful soup uses simple ways to navigate its data structure.  One of the functions that beautiful soup has is get(). This function is absolutely essential since with it you will get to the certain web page you desire. Another one would be the find(). Which will make possible for the user to search for anything in the web page. Also, get_text() is a very important tool, which will extract the text part of the from elements titles and also prices from the desired items in a web page. The strip() method returns a copy of the string with both leading and trailing characters removed (based on the string argument passed). It is used in order to remove the empty spaces found in website text. Another very useful tool to use while using the beautiful soup is the split(). This function also has a general-purpose for Python but I found it very useful as well. It splits the string into different parts and we can use the parts that we desire. It works with a combination of the separator and a string.
All in all, the beautiful soup library is very used by the python community. With its capability to scrape web pages. Many users use it to check for prices and with combination with other libraries. It can be a very good tool to analyze data. The beautiful soup documentation can be found in this link (https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/).  
